feat(protocol): document neighboring cell measurement report messages (#213)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/devices/cloud-protocol/SensorDataAndConfiguration.rst

The messages published by the device are described in detail in the `messages JSON schema file <./messages.schema.json>`_.
For more information, see the `messages JSON document <./message.json>`_ for an example device state.

> The neighboring cell measurement report is also not stored in the digital twin of the device but published via a separate topic because depending on the cloud platform its size can exceed the allowed size of the digital twin document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The neighboring cell measurement report is another piece of data that is not stored in the digital twin of the device.
It is published through a separate topic, because depending on the cloud platform, its size can exceed the allowed size of the digital twin document.
```
